PXB-2489 Flatten the table of contents (8.0) (#1221)
percona/percona-xtrabackup: storage/innobase/xtrabackup/doc/source/glossary.rst

     contains the metadata of it.

   .CSV
     Each table with the :program:`CSV Storage` engine has ``.CSV`` file which
     contains the data of it (which is a standard Comma Separated Value file).

   .exp
     Files with the ``.exp`` extension are created by |Percona XtraBackup| per
     each |InnoDB| tablespace when the :option:`--export` option is
     used on prepare. See :doc:`restoring individual tables <xtrabackup_bin/restoring_individual_tables>`.

   .frm
     For each table, the server will create a file with the ``.frm`` extension
     containing the table definition (for all storage engines).

   .ibd
     On a multiple tablespace setup (:term:`innodb_file_per_table` enabled),
     |MySQL| will store each newly created table on a file with a ``.ibd``
     extension.

   .MRG
     Each table using the :program:`MERGE` storage engine, besides of a
     :term:`.frm` file, will have :term:`.MRG` file containing the names of the
     |MyISAM| tables associated with it.

   .MYD
     Each |MyISAM| table has ``.MYD`` (MYData) file which contains the data on
     it.

   .MYI
     Each |MyISAM| table has ``.MYI`` (MYIndex) file which contains the table's

>      indexes.

Reviewer: A space is required here

Author: done.

   .par
     Each partitioned table has .par file which contains metadata about the
     partitions.

   .TRG
     File containing the Triggers associated to a table, for example
     `:file:`mytable.TRG`. With the :term:`.TRN` file, they represent all the
     Trigger definitions.

   .TRN
     File containing the Triggers' Names associated to a table, for example
     `:file:`mytable.TRN`. With the :term:`.TRG` file, they represent all the
     Trigger definitions.

   backup
      The process of copying data or tables to be stored in a different location. 

   compression
      The method that produces backups in a reduced size. 

   configuration file
      The file that contains the server startup options. 

   crash
      An unexpected shutdown which does not allow the normal server shutdown cleanup activities. 

   crash recovery
      The actions that occur when MySQL is restarted after a crash. 

   data dictionary
     The metadata for the tables, indexes, and table columns stored in the InnoDB system tablespace.
  
   datadir
    The directory in which the database server stores its data files. Most Linux
    distribution use `/var/lib/mysql` by default.

   full backup

> 

Reviewer 2: full backup
A backup that contains the complete source data from an instance.

Author: Fixed.

         [mysqld]
         innodb_log_group_home=/var/lib/mysql
   logical backup
      A backup which contains a set of SQL statements. The statements can be used to recreate the databases. 
   LSN
     Each InnoDB page (usually 16kb in size) contains a log sequence number, or
     LSN. The LSN is the system version number for the entire database. Each
     page's LSN shows how recently it was changed.

   my.cnf
     The database server's main configuration file. Most
     Linux distributions place it as :file:`/etc/mysql/my.cnf` or
     :file:`/etc/my.cnf`, but the location and name depends on the particular
     installation. Note that this is not the only way of configuring the
     server, some systems does not have one and rely on the command
     options to start the server and its defaults values.

   MyISAM
     Previous default storage engine for |MySQL| for versions prior to 5.5. It
     doesn't fully support transactions but in some scenarios may be faster
     than :term:`InnoDB`. Each table is stored on disk in 3 files:
     :term:`.frm`, :term:`.MYD`, :term:`.MYI`.
  
   physical backup
     A backup that copies the data files.

   point in time recovery

>      This method allows a set of data to be restored or recovered from a specific moment in time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This method allows a set of data to be restored or recovered to a specific moment in time.
```

Author: Rewritten.

   prepared backup
     A consistent set of backup data that is ready to be restored.
     

>    restore

Reviewer: This one seems to be incomplete

Author: Fixed.

     The data from a prepared backup are 

   xbcrypt
     To support encryption and decryption of the backups, a new tool xbcrypt
     was introduced to |Percona XtraBackup|. This utility has been modeled
     after the xbstream binary to perform encryption and decryption outside of
     |Percona XtraBackup|.

   xbstream
     To support simultaneous compression and streaming, |Percona XtraBackup| uses the xbstream format. For more information see :option:`--stream` 

   XtraDB
     *Percona XtraDB* is an enhanced version of the InnoDB storage engine,

>      designed to better scale on modern hardware, and including a variety of

Reviewer: I would split this sentence in two. 
```suggestion
     designed to better scale on modern hardware.   *Percona XtraDB*  includes a variety of
```

Author: Rewritten
